# Terms of Service Agreement for LaTeX+

This Terms of Service Agreement (the "Agreement") governs your use of the
public, hosted instance of the **LaTeX+** Discord bot (the "Service"), provided
by **Amor Budiyanto** ("the Developer").

By adding, inviting, or using the Service on your Discord server and or account,
you ("the User") agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not
agree to these terms, you must not use the Service.

#### 1. Open-Source Software

The source code for LaTeX+ is open-source and available to the public. This
Agreement governs your use of the public, hosted **Service** only. The use,
modification, and distribution of the Bot's **source code** are governed by the
**MIT License** included in the project's `LICENSE` file.

#### 2. Use of the Service

The Developer grants you permission to interact with the Service for its
intended purposes. This permission is granted on a non-exclusive and revocable
basis.

#### 3. Prohibited Conduct

You agree not to use the Service for any of the following:

- Violating any applicable laws, regulations, or Discord's Terms of Service.
- Infringing on the intellectual property rights or other rights of any third
  party.
- Engaging in any activity that could disrupt, damage, or overload the Service,
  its hosting provider, or Discord itself (e.g., spamming requests).
- Using the Service for any commercial purpose without the Developer's express
  written consent.

#### 4. Service Modifications and Discontinuation

The Developer reserves the right to modify, update, or discontinue the Service
or any of its features at any time, without prior notice. The Developer shall
not be liable to you or any third party for any such modifications, suspensions,
or discontinuances.

#### 5. Intellectual Property

Copyright and other intellectual property rights to the Bot's source code are
retained by the Developer and are licensed to you under the terms of the
open-source license. The name "LaTeX+", its associated logos, and other
trademarks remain the exclusive property of the Developer and are not licensed
for use without permission.

#### 6. Disclaimer of Warranty & Limitation of Liability

The Service is provided **"as is" and "as available"**, without warranty of any
kind, express or implied. In no event shall the Developer be liable for any
claim, damages, or other liability arising from, out of, or in connection with
the use of the Service or the underlying software. This is in accordance with
the disclaimers provided in the open-source license.

#### 7. Third-Party Services

The Service may utilize third-party services (such as QuickLaTeX). Your use of
features powered by these services is subject to their respective terms and
privacy policies. The Developer is not responsible for the availability,
accuracy, or data handling practices of these services.

#### 8. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Developer from any and all claims,
damages, liabilities, and costs arising from your use of the Service or your
violation of this Agreement.

#### 9. Termination

The Developer may terminate or suspend your access to the Service at any time,
with or without cause, and without notice, particularly in cases of abuse. You
may terminate this Agreement at any time by ceasing all use of the Service.

#### 10. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
**New Zealand**, without regard to its conflict of law principles.

#### 11. Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between you and the
Developer regarding the **public Service** and supersedes all prior agreements.
The **source code** itself is governed by its `LICENSE` file.

#### 12. Changes to this Agreement

The Developer may revise this Agreement at any time. By continuing to use the
Service after any revisions, you agree to be bound by the updated terms.

**Effective Date:** November 2, 2025

By using the LaTeX+ Bot, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and
agree to be bound by this Terms of Service Agreement.
